Welcome back to stars and showcase
planetary systems today is about that
cooling system the tariff system is a whole
system of the central star is one
nova the so-called dying star around the
six planets circle data
the power system is between the
systems taralis and minden to which it
also has a respective jump point
by the nova is in the center
However, the radiation load is very high
high so you only with the strongest
Shield through the system
can fly and it is very rare 1
Trade route is used data for
settlement the power system is almost
completely uninhabited none of the six
planets also offers only the rudimentary
possibility of settlement only the
rest in a deserted station
terraforming station in orbit of cairo
6 is outlaws pirate and triftern
used as a retreat is therefore the
economic power of the power system almost
completely neglecting to find it
not worth mentioning in the system
resources more
the few occurred within
of five years completely used up
however, it can be found on the u1
station a small black market on the
according to rumors even nuclear weapons
can acquire the quality of life in
paris system is conceivably bad
apart from the high
radiation load in the system itself
There are no habitable areas there
Planets and the ruins station is one
lawless place in the murder and
homicide prevails
With that we come to the crash rating because that
Passsystem anyway not negotiated like that
good is used and the general
it is known that there only
some shady rabble hanging around there
there is no reasonable reason in it
to stop this system
we give the system a plus
we thank you for watching and
happy if you like this episode
We especially liked ourselves
happy if you have many comments and
leave feedback and look too
let's go to the others
citizen showcase purely for something more
the universe behind the game too
otherwise I will stay like
always with zion the texan has